Editorial notes from applicability read-through (#268)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

# Introduction

QUIC {{QUIC}} is a new transport protocol providing a number of advanced
features. While initially designed for the HTTP use case, it provides
capabilities that can be used with a much wider variety of applications. QUIC is

> encapsulated in UDP. QUIC version 1 integrate TLS 1.3 {{!TLS13=RFC8446}} to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encapsulated in UDP. QUIC version 1 integrates TLS 1.3 {{!TLS13=RFC8446}} to
```

> encrypt all payload data and most control information. The version of HTTP which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
encrypt all payload data and most control information. The version of HTTP that
```

uses QUIC is known as HTTP/3 {{QUIC-HTTP}}.

This document provides guidance for application developers that want to use
the QUIC protocol without implementing it on their own. This includes general
guidance for applications operating over HTTP/3 or directly over QUIC.

In the following sections we discuss specific caveats to QUIC's applicability,
and issues that application developers must consider when using QUIC as a
transport for their application.

# The Necessity of Fallback {#fallback}

QUIC uses UDP as a substrate. This enables userspace implementation and permits
traversal of network middleboxes (including NAT) without requiring updates to

> existing infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing network infrastructure.
```

not admit server traffic for which it has not kept state for corresponding
packets from the client.

> A QUIC application can adjust idle periods to manage the risk of timeout (noting
> that idle periods and the network idle timeout is distinct from the connection
> idle timeout, defined as the minimum of either endpoint's idle timeout
> parameter; see {{Section 10.1 of QUIC}}), but then there are three options:

Reviewer: This sentence is long, can we break it up?

```suggestion
A QUIC applications can adjust idle periods to manage the risk of timeout.
Idle periods and the network idle timeout are distinct from the connection
idle timeout, which is defined as the minimum of either endpoint's idle timeout
parameter; see {{Section 10.1 of QUIC}}). There are three options:
```

Author: "A QUIC applications" => "QUIC applications" or "A QUIC application"

messages, streams can be reused, or a new stream can be opened for each
chunk/message. If one message is mapped to a single stream, resetting the stream
to expire an unacknowledged message can be used to emulate partial reliability
on a message basis.

If a QUIC receiver has the maximum number of streams open and the sender on the

> other end indicates that more streams are needed, it doesn't automatically lead

Reviewer: In other spots, you mention the frame, so it seems sensible to do so here?

```suggestion
other end indicates that more streams are needed via a STREAMS_BLOCKED frame, it doesn't automatically lead
```
